And if I was, would you fall in love with me?
Oh, please, all of those rich boys are just spoiled narcissists.
I like my call with just how you are, even if you can't get me an interview.
And what if I had superpowers?
Does that cost extra?
I think that it would be on the house.
Dominic has the same watch.
It must be expensive.
One hundred thousand dollars?
How is that possible?
Who is he?
James, I want you to call the CEO of Millennial Media and tell them to dig out the resume of
Claire Newton.
Can you do that?
Alright, thanks.
Claire Newton, this is Millennial H.R.
We have a position for you if you're still available.
Wait, seriously?
That's great.
I just, I never completed an interview.
A problem.
We're impressed by our resume.
Can you start tomorrow?
Of course.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Y'all, I'll see you tomorrow.
Since when was anybody impressed by a housewife's resume?